These little bun pies stuffed with tender braised lamb shoulder and creamy goat's cheese can be prepped ahead of time if you're entertaining
5
8
The day before you want to eat the pies, heat oven to 150C/130C fan/gas 2. Heat the oil in a flameproof casserole dish, then fry the lamb for about 10 mins until browned. Add the rosemary and vegetables, cover with the stock and bring to the boil. Cover with a lid, then put in the oven and cook for about 2 hrs until tender.
Remove the dish from the oven and discard the rosemary. Transfer the lamb to a bowl using a slotted spoon. Put the casserole dish back on the heat and cook until the stock has reduced by half. Spoon the vegetables into the bowl with the lamb, leaving the rest of the sauce in the pan. Shred the lamb using two forks, then mix with the veg and 4 tbsp of stock (reserving the rest of the cooking juices), mashing together a little. Stir through the mint and season, then chill in the fridge overnight until it sets.
Divide the mixture into six balls, then press some goat’s cheese into the middle of each one and ensure the cheese is fully coated in the meat. Put them back in the fridge.
Meanwhile, put the flour, polenta, a large pinch of salt and the bicarb in a mixing bowl. Bring 100ml water to the boil, then pour into a jug with the melted butter. Gradually pour into the dry mix and work to a smooth dough with your hands. Don’t overwork as it will become too firm. Divide the dough into six balls and roll out into large discs. While the dough is still warm, wrap them around the pie filling, pressing so you have a perfectly round pie, and scrunching the pastry at the bottom to stop it leaking. Can be made up to two days ahead and kept in the fridge, or frozen for one month.
Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. Put the pies on a baking tray, brush with the beaten egg, and bake for 20-25 mins until golden brown. Meanwhile, bring the cooking juices to the boil and stir in the mint sauce. Remove the pies from the oven and arrange on a serving plate, with a jug of the minty gravy for pouring over.